
Sound  Persistence:
   GUI is persisted on the screen even though the event window is processing/changing 
   a small part of the "world". 
   How would one persist the sound while the event window was processing another part of
   the "world".   Instead of playing some sort of data file (wave, mp3 etc...) I think 
   more of using a synthizer to create these sounds and so the synthesizer would be to sound 
   what the screen is to visual aspects.  


The main Problem to solve is:
Figure out what I want to do.


the simpilist start: (Frequency)
The current MFM Audio implementation plays a sound (wave file) for 1 sec each time an Element moves. Get that working with a synth.
1. The audio associated with the Elements has no other attributes then Frequency
2. The Duration is hard codded.
3. The Volume is Hard codded.


Next: (Frequency, Duration)
1. The audio associated with the Elements has no other attributes then Frequency
2. Volume is the same for all elements.
3. Duration is the lifspan of the Element. (Even when the EW is processing another portion of the world).
4. If x > 1 where x isa Element/Frequency playing in the world. Only one x will be produced.
   Note: this could become a Volume computation.


Next: (Volume, Frequency, Duration)
1. The audio associated with the Elements has no other attributes then Frequency
2. Volume is the same for all elements.
3. Duration is the lifspan of the Element. (Even when the EW is processing another portion of the world).
4. If x > 1 where x isa Element/Frequency playing in the world. Only one x will be produced but the Volume of this x should
   be directly proportional to the Number of Elements with this frequency.


Event Window:
Once Frequency, Volume, and Duration are working, Only play the sounds that are currentlly in the Event Window. If an element is outside the
Event Window its sound will not be played.



Misc:
For this repo:URL: svn+ssh://dlucero@svn/svn/dev/users/dlucero/T2_SynthSounds
Revision: 134720 was built, ran, tested - worked- on a BeagleGreen (03/09/2020)

